[Confetti blasts, Ben screams]
God!
[Yelps]
Sorry! Sorry!
What's happening?
I can't hear!
And I'm dying!
Baby, relax.
I just wanted to surprise you.
Open the bottom drawer
and read the cake.
"Will you go to prom with me?"
Well, this just keeps
getting weirder.
Because of the merger,
schools have had
to make some cuts,
and the first thing to go
was the senior prom.
So as a last-minute hail Mary,
the parks department
is throwing prom for them.
They also wanted
to cut A.P. Latin,
so I volunteered to teach Latin.
Which reminds me,
I need to learn Latin.
I can't stop thinking
about that job in Chicago,
and I think this prom
will be a good distraction.
In my senior year
when I couldn't decide
between Indiana and Amherst,
I focused all my energy
on planning my prom,
and it was the best prom ever.
Plus, I made out with Harvey
from the A.V. Club.
Hmm, I think
I'm jealous of Harvey.
You shouldn't be.
A few weeks later,
he almost died
from a VCR electrocution.
Legend has it
that he can still
turn on a microwave
just by blinking at it.
The point is,
will you go to the prom with me?
Well, I thought
you'd never ask,
because we're nearing 40.
- [Chuckles]
- Course I will.
Yay! Prom!
[Triumphant music]
Sync & corrections by honeybunny
www.addic7ed.com
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Okay, we are making progress,
prom committee.
Now, our budget
is basically zero,
so we're gonna need
to cover all the jobs
that we would normally
hire people for.
Tom, you're in charge of music.
Oh, man.
Well, all right.
Aw, did you want to DJ,
little puppy?
I didn't know
that little puppies
could operate an iPod
with their little puppy paws.
Eew and boo.
This kind of thing is getting
out of hand with you two.
Y'all are on official warning.
I did DJ a little
back in the day.
I had a show called
"Zoot Suit Wyatt"
on Carleton College radio.
Tuesdays from 3:00 to 5:00 A.M.,
I was the king of swing.
I thought
we as a culture agreed
to forget the year
that everyone was into swing.
Okay, Ben, you can co-DJ
with Tom.
- [Whispers] Yes.
- What! No!
If you eclipse my flavor
in any way,
we'll have a problem.
All right, Allison,
you are in charge
of choosing the prom theme,
and now it has to be perfect
and magical
and look like a million bucks
but cost zero bucks.
So what do you got?
I was thinking the theme
could be "Fairy tale."
The theater department
did  Into the Woods last year,
and we still have the scenery.
I laid out
some preliminary plans
in this binder.
Wow!
Are those jense-trodder
color tabs?
I thought those
were discontinued.
They were.
I had to order them
through some Mexican
back channels.
Juan Julio Oficina Supplies?
I thought
they went out of business.
They did, but they opened up
a new one in Oaxaca.
What is happening right now?
Okay, everybody
get back to work.
And, Allison,
come by my office later
so we can keep crushing it.
All right,
let's go over our set list.
- Set list? No need.
- So, what,
you're just gonna put your iPod
on shuffle?
No, but I could.
You want to know why?
[Sighs]
Because every single song
you own is a banger?
Every song I download
has to pass a series
of rigorous tests
to answer one simple question:
Is it a banger?
How many beats per minute?
How many drops?
How dope are the drops?
Were any acoustic instruments
used?
If so, it is not a banger.
I once accidentally downloaded
a Lumineers song.
I had to throw away
my whole computer
just to be safe.
I feel like, to me,
set list flow is very important.
I mean,
we're basically vibe curators.
Ugh. Oh, no.
I hope that high school
auditorium's big enough,
'cause I'm bringing
10,000 maniacs.
Sometimes it's really hard
to be friends with you.
Thank God we don't have
to be seen together.
Yes, we do.
We're co-DJs.
Not anymore.
You're working with...
[In electronic voice]
DJ Robo Drop.
♪ Ba-da-da, mm, mm, mm,
mm-mm ♪
Oh, I hope that this prom
is exactly like my senior prom.
Theme:
"My heart will go on."
Photo booth
with Monica Lewinsky look-alike.
After-party--
Megan Rickerson's house.
Her parents used to let us drink
as much as we wanted.
That's--that's
where we should have
this after-party.
Or, no, we can't,
because they moved to prison.
Prom is nothing
but a huge party
full of smiling, dancing people
enjoying themselves.
It's literally
my worst nightmare.
And I hate punch.
April Ludgate,
I'm gonna sing to you a song
that I first wrote 15 years ago
for my prom date, Sarah Weiss.
♪ You're as hot as the sun ♪
♪ but you're as cold as ice ♪
♪ let me take you to paradise ♪
♪ come on, roll the dice ♪
♪ it will be twice as nice ♪
♪ Sarah Wei--April Ludgate ♪
♪ will you go to prom with me? ♪
Boom!
Will you?
[Groans] Fine.
I'll go with you,
because Leslie's making us,
and we live together,
and we only have one car
right now
because you laked mine.
What does "laked" mean?
I tried to jump it over a lake.
Why don't you stay out
of our conversations, Larry!
Will do.
[Chuckles]
So I want to show you
some very cool
before and after pictures
of Cherryhurst Park,
one of our greatest
accomplishments.
Why are you showing me
all this?
Because I think
you have a real knack
for public service.
We here at the parks department
have something called
"The April Ludgate
Summer Solstice Druid Festival
and Buffalo Wings
Eating Contest."
I don't know why
I let her name it.
Basically, it's a summer
internship program.
I think you'd be great.
Do you want to work here?
Definitely!
I'm totally interested.
- Great.
- Allison Gliffert.
Hi, Mr. Swanson.
You two know each other?
Is there some secret society
for the greatest humans
on earth?
Do you meet Tom Hanks
and Elena Kagan
in the Statue
of Liberty's crown?
God, this fake club
I'm inventing is amazing.
Allison's father
owns the hardware store
I've been going to
since before Allison
was even born.
What brings you to the festering
putrid stink hole
on the armpit of freedom?
That's what he calls city hall.
Um, Leslie was just telling me
about your summer internship,
and I was thinking
about taking it.
[Laughs] Oh, no, no, no, no.
No.
I respect your father too much
to let his daughter
work for free
for the government.
Why don't you get a paying job
for the summer?
Why don't you shut
your mustache?
- Sorry.
- You know what?
Tim Hautner,
who owns the sawmill out
on Lowell Drive,
is a personal friend.
He's always looking
for bright young employees
to give money to
in exchange for honest work.
That would be awesome.
I definitely need money
for school.
Oh, really?
Is it worth a few bucks
to get a million splinters
in your fingers
and then cut off your fingers
accidentally,
'cause that will happen.
I have tolerated Leslie's
pro-government ways
because her annoying kindness
and generosity
sneakily made me like her
as a person.
But I draw the line
at corrupting America's youth.
I'm sure I can get Allison a job
at Tim Hautner's sawmill.
I once did him a favor.
I built his sawmill.
I may be
leaving this office soon.
I need to plant seeds
for the next generation.
Interns become full-time staff,
become department directors.
Circle of life.
The seasons turn.
It's really quite beautiful.
And if Ron tries to stop me,
he can eat
a big ol' bowl of butts.
Hee hee!
Hah hah yeah!
Pawnee!
Class of '99!
Uh-huh!
Ooh!
[Gasps] Girl, you look creepy.
Would you like a drink?
- All this stuff is free.
- No, it's not.
Why'd you pay for a limo?
Because it's prom.
If you don't show up in a limo,
legally, they can't let you in.
Does your mom want
to take pictures?
Uh, yeah, she does.
Hey, hey! Orin!
Who's Orin?
I'm April's mom.
You two look adorable.
Ugh, just take the picture
already, mom.
My baby is all grown up.
Have her home by 11:00.
Mom, stop embarrassing me.
Say good-bye to your father.
Bye, dad.
Good night, sir.
This is all the stuff
we have to work with?
Where's everything I requested?
Where's my smoke machine?
Where's my girls dressed
in Teddy Bear costumes?
Where's my  Yeezus Mountain?
Yeah, tell me about it.
I specifically requested
elliptical cartridges
for the turntables.
How am I supposed to keep
my Husker Du albums
in near-mint condish?
Hey, I have an idea.
Why don't you throw them
in the garbage?
My prom was right after
I got impeached,
so I couldn't leave the house
without being egged.
But my parents threw me a prom
in our living room.
I think I'm still messed up
from it.
I was actually only at my prom
for 15 minutes.
By the time
I got my Armani suit pressed
and got the little dimple
on my tie just right,
it was 11:45 P.M.
My date was pretty pissed,
but, uh, I looked fly as hell.
Leslie, thanks again.
We just wouldn't have
had a prom without you.
This is A-plus work.
A-plus!
Thank you, Principal Russell.
Can I get that in writing?
Oh-ho, Leslie.
You haven't changed
since high school.
I can't believe
he gave you an A-plus.
Oh, did he?
I didn't even notice.
No bigs.
Listen, Allison,
I have a question for you
that's very important
and very serious.
Listen to me closely.
[Air hisses]
[High-pitched voice]
Will you help me
orchestrate the balloon drop?
[Both laugh]
[High-pitched voice]
Ms. Knope,
it'd be my honor.
Oh, hooray!
- Allison.
- Oh.
I was subcontracted
by the government
to construct a lighting rig.
Would like to help me
screw some angle irons
onto some 2x4s?
- I'll give you $40.
- Yeah, sure.
[High-pitched voice] I'll just
be over here having fun.
See you soon!
I know what you're doing, Ron,
and I will defeat you.
Mark my words.
Stop wasting helium.
It is intended for welding
and filling air ships.
[Ffftttt]
I attended prom
with Susan Hofler.
Picked her up in my truck,
we slow-danced
to a Merle Haggard song,
and then I left early
to go to my shift at the quarry.
I was 12 years old.
Never went again.
Felt like I had outgrown it.
[Mellow dance music]
Well, we did it.
We went to prom.
Yay!
Let's go now.
No! What?
Are you kidding?
This is awesome.
Look around.
The bloom of youth.
Like flowers on the sunset
of an eagle's poetry.
- Andy, I hate teenagers.
- If you give this a chance,
you're gonna love it,
I promise.
It's like the movie
Expendables 2.
First time, hated it.
Second time, hated it.
Third time, it was okay.
But then the fourth, fifth,
sixth, seventh, tenth time
I watched it,
I realized something.
It's just--it's not good.
It's not a good movie.
Now that I've convinced you,
why don't we go dance?
Um, I'm gonna go
to the girls' bathroom
to check the trash cans
for babies,
but you can dance if you want.
Really? I love you!
Thank you!
♪ Money's the motivation ♪
♪ money's the conversation ♪
♪ you on vacation ♪
♪ we gettin' paid so ♪
Uh, hey,
no one's really feeling this.
All right,
not a 2 Chainz crowd.
I'll throw on some yeezy
in a second.
Jeezy?
Weezy?
Oh!
You want some
of that classic stuff.
All right, I'll break you off
some of that Ja Rule.
Who's Ja Rule?
What?
How do you--
wha--
who's what?
The stuff you're playing
is so old,
it's probably trinking
on grizzledump.
Hey, what's grizzledump?
And why is trinking on it bad?
Oh, my God.
I don't know
what's cool anymore.
What's grizzledump, Ben?
What's grizzledump?
♪ This moment, we own it ♪
So have you ever pulled
a ceremonial cord before?
There's a little trick to it.
You want to hold it--
not too tight,
sort of like a firm handshake--
and then move
towards the ground
in a rope-pulling motion.
So just pull the rope?
That's right.
Thanks, Leslie, for this,
and for making prom happen
in the first place.
Oh, you don't have to thank me.
Working for the government
is its own reward--
Run, Allison, run.
You're wasting your time,
Leslie.
Allison and I already
had a good talk
about the power
of the hard-earned dollar.
Don't listen to him.
Now, when you pull the rope,
don't look at the balloons.
Look at the faces of the people
as the balloons drop.
That's what government is about.
Look at the faces.
No, look at the cage
that is holding
all of those balloons.
I assembled that cage
and was paid for my labor,
and I will use the money
to buy shelter, fuel,
and medicine.
Watch the cage.
Pull the rope.
Watch the faces.
- Watch the cage.
- Watch the faces!
Uh, erm...
[People cheering]
Congratulations, Ron.
You've ruined prom.
Everybody's having
a terrible time.
[People cheering]
I didn't go to my prom.
I was dating an older fella
back then.
Like I'm gonna dance
with a bunch of kids
while he's coaching Duke
to the final four.
I just want to go home,
but I feel bad
because Andy's having
such a good time.
[Upbeat hip-hop music]
Whoa!
[Laughs]
How can I love someone
when I hate everything he loves?
That's not true.
He loves a lot of dumb stuff,
but he loves you the most.
If something's bothering you,
just tell him.
It's always better
to be direct.
Hey, girl.
Are you ready to go?
I feel like I told you
to wait in the car.
Yeah.
See?
Be direct.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!
[Grunts] Ugh!
You're finished, Knope.
I just spoke with Tim Hautner
from the sawmill
on my mobile telephone,
and he's offering Allison
a paying job.
She'll be assistant
to the head mulcher.
Beat that.
First of all,
your telephone is ridiculous.
And second of all,
I already beat it.
She's gonna take
that internship.
She pulled the rope.
There's no turning back!
Leslie.
Mr. Swanson.
May I see both of you
in my office?
Now.
It has come to my attention
that both of you have been
harassing Allison
about her summer employment
decisions.
I wouldn't say "harassing"
so much as
persistently tormenting.
I am disappointed in you,
Leslie.
No!
Don't be disappointed in me.
I've never had a principal
or a teacher
be disappointed in me.
I'm not sure that I'm equipped
to handle it.
Whatever's going on
between you two and Allison
ends right now.
This is supposed
to be a fun event for the kids.
You're absolutely right,
and I will bow out immediately.
Thank you.
I think the only thing
that matters
is whatever A-pluses
may or may not
have been handed out,
you know, are still in effect
in perpetuity.
I have your word, then.
This ends now?
Absolutely.
Attention, everyone.
Now it is time
for the most magical moment
of any high school prom:
The announcement of the winner
of the Parks and Recreation's
coveted summer internship.
[Light applause]
Without further ado,
help me congratulate
Allison Gliffert!
[Light applause]
Can we get a little music here
maybe?
Probably just ruin the moment
with something lame.
Leslie, I told you.
I don't know what
I'm doing this summer.
That's okay.
I know what you're doing.
You're gonna take
this internship.
You're gonna fall in love
with public service.
You're gonna rise
through the ranks.
You'll take over Ron's job
as parks director.
You'll win a seat in congress,
and then you and I will run
against each other as president,
but right before
we find out who won,
I'm gonna pat you on the back
and say,
"It's your turn, kid."
Sorry, children.
Forget this happened.
Continue with your awkward
close-quarters gyrating.
And if this is the evening
you decide to have sex,
use protection, please!
Dude, if you're not gonna
play anything,
I'm stepping in.
Go ahead.
Play whatever you want.
Can't be any worse than this.
[Upbeat alternative rock music]
♪ ♪
Hey, I love this song!
You actually like this?
Yeah, dude, it's classic rock.
Well, there's more
where that came from,
snoopies!
Sorry.
Tried to use slang.
That just came out.
I only listen to CDs.
It's the way music like this
was meant to be heard.
But it's not even auto-tuned.
Where'd you get that dress?
I was buried in it.
Babe, huge news.
I just got us invited
to Damian Keating's barn party.
He's captain of the soccer team,
and he has a fake I.D.,
so I think he can
get us all free beer.
What's wrong?
There's cupcakes and music.
Why aren't you having fun?
Because this prom
reminds me that...
you had, like, a million friends
in high school
and everyone thought
you were awesome,
and I spent four years
making fun of everyone
and hiding mops so the janitor
would think he was going insane.
If we went
to high school together,
we would have
never started dating,
which means that...
we would have
never gotten married,
and I don't like thinking
about that.
Hey, maybe we wouldn't
have gotten together
if we were in high school.
But that's because kids
in high school are idiots.
The only thing that matters is
that we found each other
right now,
and it's the best.
You know what?
Let's bail.
We got that limo
for three more hours.
I think the extra length
could help us get us
over that lake.
No. Let's stay.
I'll have fun.
I promise.
[Muffled music in background]
I have never told you this,
but I actually have
a ten-point scale
for how insane you are being.
I observe your behavior,
and if it's a five or below,
I say nothing.
Smart.
Saves a lot of time.
If it reaches a six,
like for example the incident
with the girls' soccer uniforms
back in '05...
They wrote all the team names
in pink.
Nobody told them to do that.
I try to steer you back
to safety.
A seven is when I lock you
in your office
until you cool down.
This Allison Gliffert thing
may have hit an eight.
I have the police on standby.
It's your move.
I'm thinking of leaving Pawnee,
moving to Chicago.
I just need to make sure
that the future is secure
around here when I leave.
You know?
Allison would become April,
and then April would become me.
I mean, let's face it, Ron.
I love you,
but you're hopeless without me.
Blueprints for the future
are a fool's errand.
They're like blueprints
for a house.
Nice to have,
but any foreman
with half a brain
doesn't need to look at them.
One day,
this year or maybe the next,
you're gonna be somewhere else.
So enjoy yourself now.
Damn it.
I just wish once
you would say something stupid
so I could ignore it.
Attention, please.
The votes are in.
And your Pawnee high prom
king and queen
are...Lucy Taylor
and Andy Dwyer!
What?
I broke the box,
and I threw away all the votes,
and I voted for you
a thousand times.
You should get on up there,
King Dwyer.
[Cheers and applause]
Not without my queen.
Hi, Pawnee High.
As your prom king,
I'm your ruler.
[Laughter]
Silence!
My first decree of power
is to declare
that the prom queen
shall be my wife,
April Ludgate,
who is the best thing
that's ever happened to me
who came to prom
even though she hates it.
Give me this.
Always next year.
No, there isn't.
I'm a senior.
This is your wife?
How old are you?
He's 33, and I'm 47/immortal.
Get out.
High school forever!
[Cheers and applause]
Yeah, you're having fun now.
I rigged an election
and got kicked out of prom.
I can get on board with that.
[Lively rock music]
♪ I look just like
buddy holly ♪
♪ oh, oh, oh ♪
♪ and you're Mary Tyler Moore ♪
My life is over.
I'm officially old and uncool.
Might as well start wearing
a plaid shirt
and a tie and khakis
and whatever shoes
you're wearing.
Look, the fact
that you don't know
what high schoolers are into
doesn't make you uncool.
It makes you
a normal human adult.
You haven't had time to keep up
'cause the last few years,
you started two different
businesses.
I guess that's true.
Richard Branson and Mark Cuban
are too busy making deals
to keep up
with what the kids are into.
How else do you explain
their terrible haircuts?
And, hey, you may be old,
but you'll never be as old
as me.
Yeah.
You're old as [bleep].
Thanks, Ben.
Glad I could help.
[Cheers and applause,
light hip-hop]
♪ The show goes on all night ♪
Allison, we wanted to apologize
for acting so bananas.
You just have so much promise,
we got excited.
You're a good kid.
And whatever you choose,
you'll be great at it.
I have to say
I admire you both.
You were right, Leslie.
Watching all those happy faces,
it felt amazing.
But it was really nice
to build something
and get paid for it.
Ugh, Ron, she is so thoughtful
and grounded.
Get her away from me,
or I'm gonna kidnap her
and try to mentor her to death.
Oh, let me introduce you
to my boyfriend.
Greg Pikitis.
What up, Knope?
Hello, Gregory.
You guys know each other?
You might say that.
Come on, baby.
Let's get out of here.
That's that horrible kid
who used to prank us
all the time, right?
Offer is off the table.
She's a terrible person
with terrible judgment.
[Dishes clatter]
[Click click click]
[Screeches] Pikitis!
Sync & corrections by honeybunny
www.addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org